Main Control Board

Introduction

The design group use a suitcase for the main control board. There are several screens to show the status of the ROV. The switches and 
control board are connected by basic circuit board which is under the main control board. The design choose suitable size of the circuit
board to let them fix in the suitcase.

Explaination

For the front half of the suitcase, the design group use a big screen to show the underwater image. The image signal will come back from
the ROV cemera which is at the head of the ROV by long cable.For the other side of the suit case, the suicase is divide for 3 different 
part,battary, data screens and the operation control board 
switches.

part 1 : battary

The design use a 12 voltage battary for the power supply for the ROV which is at the top right of the board. The battary will connect 
the power supply switch which is on the top left of the board. 

part 2 : data screens

Data screens part is at the top left of the board which contains two small screens. The first screen is to show the actual status of the 
ROV. The ROV has several different sensor, and this board will show the battary voltage, tempeture of ROV, angle of elevation and depth
on the board from left to right. Another screen is for the auto-pilot mode. We can use the 4 * 4 control board which is at the operation 
control board to set the data and then, the ROV will move to the location which we set. This screen will show angle of elevation, depth,
speed from left to the right.

part 3 : operation control board

Operation control board is at the bottom of the suitcase. There are three big switches and five switches on the left of the operation 
control board and there are two big switches and a 4 * 4 control board on the other side. For the left side, the three big switches are 
using for, up and down,shift left and right, from top to down. For the right side, the big switches are using for turn left and right and 
pitch up and pitch down from top to down. The 4 * 4 control board is for setting data for the auto-pilot mode.
